---
layout: post
title: "My first real blog post"
categories: blogs
---

# Hello world!

I just graduated on the 17th and im freakin exhausted, glad to finally be done with school though. I haven't done any applying for jobs yet, instead I'm mostly just running around my github and opening up all these projects that I've worked on over my years at Hendrix and tying up loose ends to make myself more presentable before I start. Plus, with the job market how it is right now I'm not hopeful I'll get anything soon anyway.

I participated in my first ever game jam this month! That was very exciting, my team was only me and my sound guy Tommy from Portugal but I was proud to create, collaborate, and ship all within a week! Our game got #25 in theme out of 230 entries which I think is a great starting point for my first ever game jam. Play it [here](https://twistedsquiddy.itch.io/heart-of-the-forest).

I've also been toying with love and lua a lot, I'm thinking about remaking some of my old projects that I made in Java in Lua instead to get my brain really churning and familiar with the language. I hope to also redo the CS2Mulch game I made in Unity in Love2D as well since it actually sucks to play in 3D. I don't know why I did it in 3D... I guess I just got caught up with Unity's capabilities and made it more bloated than it should be. 

Additionally I'm gonna start overhauling this website {with some parallax scrolling or some other fancy crap}, I already purchased a custom domain and set it up with github pages. (so i guess the name isnt ever changing lol!)

Anyway, I'm just trying to find my place in a community right now. I didn't realize until it was gone how much the Hendrix community felt like a home to me. 

- Thomas
